a few days ago there was a
car driven by fish this is a
automobile concept that incorporates a
fish tank in the back of the car
this car has seats
able to rotate 365 degrees which does not
only allows a descent with greater
comfort but that also allows you
admire fish comfortably
included in this eccentric vehicle
This car has been named as
wind start and was presented in the lounge
detroit 2015 where you could see
that the role of fish is not only
decorative have been trained so that
with his own natural behavior in
the water and with the help of the signals of
gps can drive the car in the
more chaotic traffic situations
The wing star also comes equipped with
all radar sensors and cameras
necessary to ensure safety
in autonomous driving has
very modern features both in its
inside as on its outside
It is also a hybrid vehicle which
greatly reduces the use of
gasoline
now for all of us the
passionate in which I filia this
type of vehicle will be good or bad
although who would not like to drive
a car and take your loved ones with you
fish or even beyond who does not
I would like them to be the ones
drive the car this sounds
fascinating and out of reality but
little by little the technology is reaching
our imagination
the concept is very striking goes to the
vanguard with technology and
comfort
but the trousseau implemented in the
automobile will be good for fish
think about the movement of the
car shake to considerable and
constantly the aquarium
when the vehicle is in the open
temperature will constantly change
causing diseases to fish
the small space of only 20
liters that gives the fish
will cause stress deformities and a
constant rise of monya and parameters
unbalanced
This concept car is very eye-catching
and can be acquired by many
users who not only want the vehicle
for your comfort and luxury also for being
lovers in the filia block will take
a disappointment or a great joy with
This vehicle, what do you think ?
response in the comment box
remember to subscribe to the channel and
share it on social networks
thanks to all of you we are more than
6000 parishioners in the channel with more than
one million reproductions
thanks to all of you for your support
we will soon have a video
interactive for all of you